// PH Planet in House
// Planet in House (2)

[01.01] SUN IN THE FIRST HOUSE

With the Sun's energy in the First House your personality drive will find
expression mainly through personal issues related to self-image, physical
appearance and personal interests. You are required to acquire knowledge
of self in order to sustain a true sense of identity, purpose and
destiny. Strong will-power and self-assurance add strength to your
personality. Very brave, positive and competitive, you develop natural
leadership qualities. Your enterprising nature, with a capability for
seizing opportunities is another factor for success - obstacles are
overcome by sheer physical courage. You are to become self-determined and
self-sufficient, carving your own path in life. Your enthusiasm for life
may manifest as robust health and vitality. There may be some tendency to
pride and insolence at times.

[01.02] SUN IN THE SECOND HOUSE

With the Sun's energy in the Second House your personality drive will
mainly be directed into the creation of personal wealth, with an emphasis
on financial security. A strong desire for material possessions is a
dominant motivating factor in your life. You are very sensible with money
and, unless very careless, should always be comfortably off.

[01.02] SUN IN THE THIRD HOUSE

With the Sun's energy in the Third House your personality drive is
directed mainly into intellectual pursuits and educational progress.
Travel and communication of all kinds will appeal. This position requires
that you to expend much energy in understanding and adapting to your
immediate environment. Friends, neighbours, co-workers, brothers and
sisters will play an important role in your life.

[01.04] SUN IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

With the Sun in the Fourth House your personality drive will find
expression mainly in family, home, land and property concerns. Security
is your main preoccupation, and this will be sought and fought for to
ensure complete self-reliance. Thus your later life should be less
difficult than the early years. There may be an inheritance of some kind
through your parents. Inner experiences will also be important to you,
because security and self-reliance require  personality integration  at
the psychological level - a very difficult task and completed only after
much  blood, sweat and tears .

[01.05] SUN IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

With the Sun's energy in the Fifth House your personality drive may express
itself through adventurous and perhaps speculative ventures. An inner
restlessness craves an outlet through social, romantic, and daring
action. Pleasure and amusement play an important role in your search for
freedom of self-expression. The love motive may also be strong. The
overriding need is for creative expression of your personal powers and
abilities. This could be through leadership, art, sport, entertainment,
New Age ventures or the use of modern technology. In this search you will
cover a lot of ground and a wide range of interests. Children may play an
important role in some way.

[01.06] SUN IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

With the Sun's energy in the Sixth House your vital forces may be drawn
into some form of service that will bring deep personal satisfaction.
Hard work and challenging situations are certainly indicated - probably
within the work environment itself. You seek perfection and distinction
in you work and this quality could bring you well-paid, responsible
positions. Crisis situations will develop, but you meet these with steady
determination. The Sun in this house also indicates a need to overcome
some weakness. Often this relates to health matters.

[01.07] SUN IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

With the Sun's energy in the Seventh House your personality drive will
express itself mainly through marriage, friendships and other social
relationships. Social status is your important goal. Therefore,
interpersonal relationships will demand a great deal of your energies.
You may even find your real life-purpose by associating with others in
partnership or social intercourse. This position of the Sun will draw out
the very best of your character, to ensure that you fulfill your personal
obligations.

[01.08] SUN IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

The Sun in the Eighth House may bring financial benefit through marriage.
Much of your life's energy will be applied to joint financial ventures or
possibly a profession dealing with the management of other people's money
- banking for instance. The use of power is highlighted in some way, this
will be generated and applied within your close social relationships.
Some gain through inheritance is likely. There may also be a strong
desire to study philosophical, metaphysical or occult subjects.
Will-power and financial ability are accentuated

[01.09] SUN IN THE NINTH HOUSE

With the Sun in the Ninth House, much of your energy will be applied to
foreign affairs, further education, long-distance travel and the
advancement of social status. The basic drive is for understanding and
self-expansion. The desire to study religion, philosophy and mysticism is
also stressed because the inner urge is toward discovering the meaning of
life and all events. Dreams should be watched and studied. With this
placing there is a danger you may lose contact, at times, with everyday
affairs. There is a love of the foreign and exotic.

[01.10] SUN IN THE TENTH HOUSE

With the Sun in the Tenth House, much of your energy will be applied to
vocational achievement, professional success, leadership, social power
and prestige. Public life is all important and the desire for social
recognition and financial success is strong. You are likely to rise to a
position of responsibility, power and authority - but not without a lot
of hard work and frustration on the way. You will meet with many
challenges and difficult situations within your professional environment.

[01.11] SUN IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

With the Sun's energy in the Eleventh House your personality drive will
express itself mainly through friendships and group activities - perhaps
in social or cultural reform, or as a manager of a social institution.
You are advised to develop a cultured and refined personality.

[01.12] SUN IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

With the Sun in the Twelfth House your energy will mainly be applied to
personal and private affairs. This may give you a shy, reserved,
introspective disposition. There is a tendency to seek a secluded,
peaceful, quiet life-style. The real drive is one of coming to terms with
the subconscious mind and achieving mental and emotional well-being.
Subjects such as mysticism, psychic research and depth psychology will
appeal. A desire for useful service to the community may be fulfilled
through work in hospitals, churches or institutions of leaning,
professions such as psychology, art and literature are other
possibilities. At some stage of your life you may have to overcome some
form of physiological, social, or psychological crisis.

[02.01] MOON IN THE FIRST HOUSE

With the Moon in the First House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through personal interests related to self-awareness and
a search for true social identity. A healthy self-image and socially
presentable physical appearance are important to your emotional
confidence. Your day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly
conditioned by emotional factors - lack of direction, moodiness,
over-sensitivity and changeability are the dangers.

[02.02] MOON IN THE SECOND HOUSE

With the Moon in the Second House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through an innate emotional drive for financial and
domestic security. Your feeling of general well-being is strongly
dependent on material comforts, a stable home life and material
possessions. Your day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly
conditioned by practical financial considerations.

[02.03] MOON IN THE THIRD HOUSE

With the Moon in the Third House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through social intercourse, daily mental diversions and
general conversation. Your speech and thought are heavily influenced by
feelings and moods. At times others may view you as changeable,
indecisive and a bit of a dreamer. Your day-to-day response to
circumstance is strongly conditioned by environmental factors, especially
social and domestic discussions. There is also a love of travelling and a
desire for constant change.

[02.04] MOON IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Fourth House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression mainly through your family and home environment. Your
day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly conditioned by family
relationships and domestic issues. To feel emotionally secure you need a
meaningful and secure home life.

[02.05] MOON IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Fifth House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through amusements, sport, recreations, love affairs,
children and creative activities in the home. Your day-to-day response to
circumstance is strongly conditioned by ego stimulation and your personal
emotional identification with events. A feeling of well-being is often
dependent on your current romantic attachment and the little daily
pleasures that you consider important. Enjoying a flutter on the horses
or stock market keeps life interesting, however, beware of impulsive
gambling.

[02.06] MOON IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Sixth House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression in work or service to the family or local community. Your
day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly conditioned by health
issues and your general emotional well-being. You have a very sensitive
nature and are easily hurt, therefore, care is required in this area
because strong negative emotions will have a detrimental effect upon your
health and general ability to cope with the demands of daily living. You
will feel a sense of security by emotionally identifying with your work
or career.

[02.07] MOON IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Seventh House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through marriage or other close relationships. Your
day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly conditioned by social and
domestic factors - friends, colleagues, family and especially your
romantic partner. You may marry early in order to satisfy an inherent
need for friendship and close companionship - domestic and emotional
security is of paramount importance. General emotional well-being is
strongly dependent on your current social life, and in particular, how
well close relationships are progressing.

[02.08] MOON IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Eighth House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through intense emotional involvement with the other sex
and by enjoying the good things of life generally. Your day-to-day
response to circumstance is strongly conditioned by the emotional state
of play relating to romance, money, business and social life. High
sensitivity gives a possible psychic nature and some interest in occult
subjects - death and afterlife issues in particular. An intuitive
business sense is another possibility.

[02.09] MOON IN THE NINTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Ninth House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through some form of emotional attachment to social,
ethical or religious values. You have an inherent need to expand your
life through travel, study, philosophy and the search for metaphysical
truths. Practical knowledge is often obtained through dreams or
meditation. Your day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly
conditioned by spiritual or ethical values.

[02.10] MOON IN THE TENTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Tenth House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through a strong emotional commitment to public and
professional life. Your day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly
conditioned by a practical, unemotional and common-sense approach to
events. General well-being is dependent, largely, on material success and
financial security.

[02.11] MOON IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Eleventh House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through emotional involvement with group activities,
friends, clubs, societies or associations. Your day-to-day response to
circumstance is strongly conditioned by current friendships and social
commitment. Companionship and group activities are important for your
general emotional well-being.

[02.12] MOON IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

With the Moon in the Twelfth House your feeling, instinctive nature will
find expression through reflective meditation and quiet contemplation.
Your sensitive emotional nature tends to shy away from social
confutation, feelings are fragile and you are easily hurt. At times,
others may view you as a lonely, emotionally withdrawn person. Your
day-to-day response to circumstance is strongly conditioned by current
environmental conditions and your emotional ability to cope with events -
energy levels fluctuate with mood and surrounding circumstances. You may
gain satisfaction from some form of selfless behind-the-scenes service
involving sacrifice on your part. Occasionally, it is important for your
general health and well-being that you seek seclusion in order to renew
your emotional strength. Mystical ability is indicated and there is
likely to be a keen interest in things spiritual.

[03.01] MERCURY IN THE FIRST HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to
personal issues relating to self-awareness and the search for an
intellectual social identity. You have an inquiring, competitive and
intellectual mental disposition, with above-average ability to
express yourself orally and in writing. Many intellectual avenues will be
explored through an innate drive for knowledge and new personal
experiences that stimulate the growth of mind and personality. Your
mental qualities are ideally suited to academic and scientific work.

[03.02] MERCURY IN THE SECOND HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to
financial, business and managerial affairs. You have an innate ability
for making money by means of intellectual effort. In this respect you
view education and learning only as means of increasing your earning
potential. You are not inclined to involve yourself in anything that does
not, at the end of the day, produce concrete practical results. Your
mental qualities are ideally suited to business and commercial
enterprise.

[03.03] MERCURY IN THE THIRD HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to
gaining superior intellectual ability, through education, travel and
philosophical debate. An original thinker with much mental agility you
excel in speaking, writing and communicating generally. This is a strong
placing for Mercury and if mental power is directed to defined objectives
then much success can be attained in any chosen direction.

[03.04] MERCURY IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to your
domestic and private life, and issues relating to home and family.
Intellectual interests, further education and general studies are carried
out within the home environment. It is probable that your work or career
is also home based.

[03.05] MERCURY IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to
personal issues. Although very intelligent, your mind will often dwell on
pleasures, hobbies, love-making and amusements; you especially enjoy games
requiring mental competition. You have a deep need of mental pleasure and
intellectual stimulation, therefore, your friends and romantic partner
are likely to be intellectual types. An interest in gambling or other
forms of speculation is indicated. You may also have some interest for
art, music and literature.

[03.06] MERCURY IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to
acquiring specialised skills or knowledge for professional use. Your work
may demand an intellectual quality of mind, analytical ability and strict
attention to detail. There is a concern for personal health, hygiene,
tidiness, correct dress and polite speech. You may find success in fields
such as science, teaching or administration.

[03.07] MERCURY IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

Your reasoning abilities will largely be applied to the growth and
development of the mind through co-operation and communications inside
human relationships. You prefer to work in partnership or with others
rather than individually. You enjoy good company and social life and have
the ability for communicating well with the public in general. Marriage
is especially important to your mental well-being. Your partner should be
an intellectual type who can give the necessary mental companionship and
support. Your qualities are ideally suited to public relations work,
counselling and arbitration.

[03.08] MERCURY IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to the
growth and development of the mind through the study of fundamental
questions of life and death, and a search for the beyond. There is an
interest in scientific, metaphysical and occult subjects. Much of your
knowledge may be gained through intuitive means rather than the study of
books. There is an aptitude for business and other financial dealings.
Your mental disposition is ideally suited to work of an investigative
nature, research, psychotherapy, psychiatry, police or detective work.

[03.09] MERCURY IN THE NINTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to the
expansion of the intellect through foreign travel, philosophy, higher
education and other profound studies. Your mental disposition is
well-suited to positions of authority; likely occupations could include law,
religion, science, medicine, teaching, literature and philosophy. You may
have a deep desire to reach a position of intellectual superiority in
your chosen field.

[03.10] MERCURY IN THE TENTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to
professional worldly ambitions where knowledge and education are pursued
in order to enhance career prospects or social standing. Your mental
qualities are well-suited to managerial posts, government positions,
politics and any work requiring communication skill and executive
ability. With this placing of Mercury financial security, professional
prestige and social status are the dominant mental issues.

[03.11] MERCURY IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied to the
pursuit of truth and profound knowledge. Mainly through the mental
companionship of friends, or within social groups in a teach and learn
situation. This position of Mercury strengthens the intellect, gives a
good memory and a strong comprehensive mind capable of much hard work.
Intuitive insights and original reasoning ability produce the occasional
touch of genius - you often comprehend issues that others find quite
incomprehensible. Your objective and original thinking can be used for the
scientific investigation of advanced metaphysical concepts and
humanitarian ideals - or other profound issues that could lead humanity
towards a better future.

[03.12] MERCURY IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

Your mental and communicative abilities will largely be applied in an
inner search for spiritual truth and mental enlightenment. Intellectual
understanding is related to intuitive mystical guidance and hunches from
a mind turned inward - like in meditation. This placement of Mercury is
powerful for creative endeavour and occupations that require your special
qualities - acting, writing, art, poetry, singing, music, nursing or
humanitarian work. On occasion, your mind may be overpowered by deep
emotional eruptions; to retain balance you will need to seek peace, quiet
and seclusion.

[04.01] VENUS IN THE FIRST HOUSE

With Venus in the First House the areas of life where you are most likely
to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are through your
own self, by presenting an elegant, graceful, magnetic, happy, socially
outgoing, attractive personality, with much joy for living. This placing
of Venus indicates an impulsive, passionate in love, extrovert, bold and
romantic nature. There is a need for constant variety in both your
romantic and social lives. You make friends easily and are fond of love
and admiration. Artistic self-expression is important, possibly through
music, clothing or writing.

[04.02] VENUS IN THE SECOND HOUSE

With Venus in the Second House the areas of life where you are most
likely to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities is through
a search for wealth, personal possessions and social status. Your
romantic partner is likely to be wealthy, capable of supplying the
material comforts that you desire. Possessions that give aesthetic
pleasure and some material security are important to you. A talent for
business is indicated, especially business related to music or the arts.
With your monetary skill investing money will be both intriguing and
enjoyable. If you have an artistic hobby then there is a good chance of
making money from this area.

[04.03] VENUS IN THE THIRD HOUSE

With Venus in the Third House the areas of life where you are most likely
to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are through an
intellectual appreciation of art, cultural pursuits and literature - you
are able to communicate scholarly appraisal of these subjects orally or
in writing. Romantic contacts are usually from within the local
environment close to home, although many romantic short trips are
undertaken for pleasure. Good companionship is as equally important as
romance and you prefer an intellectual, communicative, and witty partner.
Once smitten, you are capable of sustained friendship and devotion.

[04.04] VENUS IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Fourth House the areas of life where you are most
likely to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are within
the home and family. Much pleasure will come from entertaining friends
and romantic partners in your special, warm and luxurious environment. A
stable and affectionate domestic life is important for your general
well-being.

[04.05] VENUS IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Fifth House the areas of life where you are most likely
to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are through a
genuine love of life, especially in romantic attachments, hobbies,
personal pleasures and social interests. Your infectious love of life and
noble nature ensures socially popularity, although, at times, you can be
rather theatrical in order to hog the spotlight. You usually choose a
partner you can show-off with, and proudly display to friends and
colleges. Appreciation of the arts is indicated. There is some
predisposition to gambling or other forms of financial speculation.
Children will be a very important factor in your life.

[04.06] VENUS IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Sixth House the areas of life where you are most likely
to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are in
establishing a happy and harmonious work environment through friendly
relations with colleagues. Romantic and social activities may revolve
around your working environment. You are generally well-liked and
respected socially, although, on occasion, you can be overly critical -
you will not tolerate any coarse or incorrect social behaviour from
others.

[04.07] VENUS IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Seventh House the areas of life where you are most
likely to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are
through a happy marriage and harmonious social relationships. To a very
marked degree your general well-being and emotional health depend on
sound and meaningful relationships - both social and romantic. Financial
prosperity or social success may come through your marriage partner.

[04.08] VENUS IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Eighth House the areas of life where you are most
likely to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are
through harmonious sexual relationships, friendships and business
interests. You attract the opposite sex like bees to honey, and you
favour a partner who is intelligent, with a somewhat mysterious flair
about them. An inheritance is likely, or you may gain financially through
your partner. Your social circle may include many who are interested in
the mysteries or those who are engaged in some form of occult work.

[04.09] VENUS IN THE NINTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Ninth House the areas of life where you are most likely
to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are through a
love of philosophy, study, intellectual interests, travelling abroad for
pleasure, religion and art. A wise, relaxed and pleasantly philosophical
attitude towards life is very apparent, and you may dream of living in an
idealistic world that is beautiful and peaceful. A love of religious
music and art is probable. Marriage may be to a foreigner, or one with
the same religious or cultural views.

[04.10] VENUS IN THE TENTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Tenth House the areas of life where you are most likely
to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are through
social and professional life, possibly related to the arts. You are
socially ambitious and success may come though your good managerial
qualities, some form of artistic talent or indirectly through your
marriage partner. You are likely to seek marriage with someone who will
bestow social status and wealth.

[04.11] VENUS IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Eleventh House the areas of life where you are most
likely to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are
through forming harmonious, warm social friendships - probably related to
group activities within a club, society or fraternity. You may meet your
marriage partner through such group activities, consequently your
interests will be shared.

[04.12] VENUS IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

With Venus in the Twelfth House the areas of life where you are most
likely to express your social, romantic and artistic qualities are
through a love of quiet and seclusion to peruse personal or secret study
and meditation - probably of a spiritual nature. Personal and social
contacts often are secretive, and there can be secret love affairs.
Social inhibitions or shyness can lead to some loneliness or romantic
frustration.

[05.01] MARS IN THE FIRST HOUSE

With Mars in the First House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative into personal affairs and self-expression by developing a
capacity for action and personal leadership. Self-confidence and courage
are gained by active participation in rugged, physical and competitive
sport or other similar activity. This position of Mars tremendously
increases will-power and you are likely to be motivated by the need to
win and to be first in your particular field. You have the capacity to
achieve much and generate enthusiasm in others, though you must be
careful not to burn yourself out through over-activity. You are, in a
general sense, actively searching for a strong social self-image.

[05.02] MARS IN THE SECOND HOUSE

With Mars in the Second House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative into business enterprises or other financial dealings in an
active search for personal wealth. Capital is acquired through careful
investment, sheer hard work and clever financial dealing. Strong-willed,
determined and resourceful you enjoy a challenge and thrive on
opposition. You may become a financial genius, or a mere spendthrift.

[05.03] MARS IN THE THIRD HOUSE

With Mars in the Third House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative in building mental resourcefulness and an aggressive active
intellect. There will be a liking for competitive mental pastimes that
present an intellectual challenge - such as chess, crosswords, etc. You
enjoy learning, argument, debate and discussion and you are likely to do
well in school. The need for mental stimulation will ensure further
education and eventual  mature student  status.

[05.04] MARS IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Fourth House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative within the home and family. The desire for home and roots is
strong - your very nature demands a secure home, children and devoted
spouse. Much work will be carried out constantly to improve the home
environment. At some stage you are likely to experience an inner
restlessness that is difficult to describe: if not controlled, this will
cause domestic unpleasantness, misunderstanding and disharmony in your
home life.

[05.05] MARS IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Fifth House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative in actively pursuing a rewarding love-life, social amusement
and pleasure in general. You have a likeable, competitive and flamboyant
temperament. There is a desire for creative endeavour, strenuous sports,
athletics, risk-taking pursuits and other forms of muscular exercise -
gambling may be a feature. Your children will probably be an important
factor in your life and much pleasure will be derived from their
spontaneous affection, companionship and development.

[05.06] MARS IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Sixth House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative through hard, energetic physical work or by representing other
workers in a fight for improved conditions within the work environment.
Your will to action is applied in 'putting your own house into order',
health and work matters generally.

[05.07] MARS IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Seventh House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative in active co-operation with others as associates or in
partnerships of some kind. You can be aggressive and forceful in intimate
relationships, or you may marry someone with this natural temperament. An
early marriage is possible and your energy and passion will ensure a
happy, demonstrative and rewarding sex-life. You are likely to gain
popularity, social success, money or property through your marriage
partner. With this placing of Mars it is important to be restrained in
all dealings with associates, business partners and the opposite sex. If
your aggressive nature becomes dominant there is danger of trouble and
loss through public opposition, unpopularity, damaged relationships,
female enmity or litigation.

[05.08] MARS IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Eighth House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative into the quest for personal success, self-knowledge and
emotional security. Your energy is channelled through powerful,
deep-seated but easily aroused emotions and a powerful sex-drive. There
is a desire for leadership within your social and business sphere -
involvement with metaphysical or occult groups is a possibility. Your
deep interest in finance, big business and a keen, positive attitude to
investment ensures success. You possess an intuitive sense that is well
tuned when it comes to assessing prospective partners and financial
opportunities.

[05.09] MARS IN THE NINTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Ninth House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative through self-development, travel, exploration, sports,
religion, philosophy or higher education, in order to gain a broad
experience of life. You enjoy any form of intellectual challenge and
should do well in gaining academic qualifications. Having a crusading spirit,
breadth of vision and strong religious or philosophical convictions are
likely. You will aggressively crusade for worthwhile causes and actively
support higher social groups in service to mankind.

[05.10] MARS IN THE TENTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Tenth House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative by actively pursuing fame and social status. Courage,
ambition, energy, enterprise, force, emotional involvement, business
acumen and a strong compulsive drive for success may lead to public
achievement or professional recognition. You like to see practical
results for your efforts and take pride in doing a job correctly. You may
become a force to be reckoned with in career and professional life,
however your argumentative, aggressive and quarrelsome nature may create
difficulties on occasion. Patience, tolerance and a less-hasty attitude
to events should be cultivated.

[05.11] MARS IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Eleventh House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative into friendships, social life and group activities. Friendship
is of above-average importance, but this is a sphere of life where you
will experience some rocky periods since the aggressive, argumentative
side of Mars will tend to cause upsets between yourself and your friends.
This will be especially so when others challenge your reasons or motives
for certain actions. Leadership qualities are present and a strongly
independent personality needs to be developed in order effectively to
initiate social or group reform.

[05.12] MARS IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

With Mars in the Twelfth House you are likely to exert your energy and
initiative in secret or secluded work or some form of social or
humanitarian activities. You have an inherent sympathy for, and empathy
with, other people and a desire to work for the good of others. Your
refined and sensitive nature is well-suited to artistic, creative and
imaginative endeavour - such as religious and spiritual work, music,
romantic literature or cultural projects. Energy levels can fluctuate
day-to-day, much depends on your emotional state of mind. Frequent
periods of quite and solitude are necessary in order to recharge your
energies. On occasion you can be devious, escapist, evasive, gloomy,
indolent, changeable, irresolute, indecisive and inclined towards self-deception.

[06.01] JUPITER IN THE FIRST HOUSE

With Jupiter in the First House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through the power of your own self, thus
enabling you to influence others with your cheerful, optimistic, jovial,
dignified, self-confident and broad-minded personality. This placing
gives ease of self-expression, executive ability, power and dignity that
enables leading positions in social, educational and business circles.
You should display good reasoning, a logical, broad mind,
self-possession, confidence and determination. It indicates positions of
high standing, such as bankers, judges, doctors, lawyers, professors,
theologians and government officials. You have the ability to carve out
your own place in society.

[06.02] JUPITER IN THE SECOND HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Second House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through successful and hugely profitable
business ventures that increase personal wealth and property. This
placing of Jupiter increases the chances for personal success, fortune
and general prosperity. It inclines to government and responsible
business affairs and tends to bring gain through law, insurance, banking,
religion, science, education, literature and travel. You should attract
success, wealth and a luxurious life style but there is an obligation to
use such wealth in a positive and socially beneficent manner - through
good business ability, sound investment, prudent spending and generosity.

[06.03] JUPITER IN THE THIRD HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Third House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through your expansive, optimistic,
philosophical, refined, cheerful, sympathetic and well-educated mind.
Benefits may come to you through education, literature, publishing,
travelling and brethren. Your wide range of mental interests will attract
many friends who help to broaden your scope of knowledge, leading you
into new and unusual subjects. Success is achieved by communicating such
knowledge to others - writing, teaching and lecturing.

[06.04] JUPITER IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Fourth House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through your comfortable, safe home,
financially secure family, loving partner and all other domestic
matters. This placing of Jupiter promises satisfactory, fortunate and
peaceful domestic affairs, a successful home life and family surroundings.
There is likely to be some gain or favour through your parents - possibly
through land or possessions. A good social position is indicated.

[06.05] JUPITER IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Fifth House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through your own creative ability in art,
education, sport and financial speculation. There is a possibility of a
warm and generous love-life involving those of wealth or expansive
temperament. You are likely to experience some success, happiness and
gain through such love affairs, and the opposite sex generally. There is
a love of pleasure in connection with places of amusement - theatres,
social functions, schools, etc. This position of Jupiter promises gain
through speculation, investment and financial enterprise. Education and
teaching may be good fields of activity.

[06.06] JUPITER IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Sixth House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through robust health and lucrative,
enjoyable, constructive work. This placing of Jupiter usually confers
considerable literary skill, intelligent technique, scientific ability
and technical expertise. It often denotes successful doctors, physicians
and others in the healing professions - to the degree of social and
financial prominence. In any event, your work or profession is likely be
both highly remunerative and morally satisfying.

[06.07] JUPITER IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Seventh House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through a good marriage and other social or
business partnerships. There is likely to be success, gain and happiness
through a loyal and faithful marriage partner. Your spouse will probably
be of good social and financial standing, possibly older, more patient,
profound or religious than yourself. Success in promised through
partnerships and your ability to co-operate well with others generally.
Gain through litigation or legal affairs may be a feature.

[06.08] JUPITER IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Eighth House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through an inheritance, joint finances,
investment, business dealings or your marriage partner. This position of
Jupiter gives you the opportunity to develop skill in business, a flair
for handling money and a marked degree of social power.

[06.09] JUPITER IN THE NINTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Ninth House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through the study of psychology, religion,
philosophy and other profound subjects. Possessing good intuition, clear
foresight, breath of vision and a peaceful, logical and optimistic
disposition, you could achieve honour and distinction in religious,
intellectual, academic, legal, philosophic or philanthropic affairs.
There is likely to be much travel and deep study of foreign cultures.
This will serve to expand your intellectual perspective.

[06.10] JUPITER IN THE TENTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Tenth House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through your social, business and
professional life. This position of Jupiter denotes a steady rise in life
bringing honours, favours from superiors, public appointments, esteem and
eventual social, political and financial success.

[06.11] JUPITER IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Eleventh House you will find luck, ease of working
and general good fortune through generous friendships and social
activities within groups or clubs. This position of Jupiter brings true,
influential and fortunate friends, and associations with prominent
persons - legislators, senators, judges, bankers, doctors, professors,
etc. Development and gain can be expected through such acquaintances.
Social success, popularity and honour can be expected.

[06.12] JUPITER IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

With Jupiter in the Twelfth House you will find luck, ease of working and
general good fortune coming through spiritual work, literature, art,
poetry, religion or stage and screen work. Inspiration, support and
guidance may come from an inner search for spiritual fulfilment - in the
form of meditation, seclusion and introspective study. At some stage of
life you may make a great personal sacrifice in order to fulfill your
ideal of worthwhile service, perhaps through asylums, hospitals or public
institutions. There is likely to be an interest in medicine, chemistry,
healing and metaphysical or occult studies - you have a healthy respect
for ancient wisdom and the more profound teachings.

[07.01] SATURN IN THE FIRST HOUSE

A First House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates to a personal ambition to attain prominence and
overcome problems regarding self-expression. Your goals include personal
happiness, financial security, general well-being and personal
fulfilment. In order to achieve self-sufficiency much hard work is
required to overcome self-limitations. Periods of gloom and discontent
are certain but eventual success will come through your ability to manage
others, practical ability and strenuous, protracted effort. Progress may
be slow but you are sure to gain a good reputation, honour and credit
through persistence, acquired ability, worldly wisdom and continual
effort. A strong ego must be evolved and an agreeable social persona
adopted. These qualities will enable you overcome feelings of fear and
self-doubt, and to face the challenges of the outer world with courage
and self-confidence - a free soul with a true sense of worth and purpose.

[07.02] SATURN IN THE SECOND HOUSE

A Second House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates to the acquisition of money, status and material
possessions. You are required to develop prudent financial abilities,
thrift, economy and a solid, conservative investment strategy. Financial
growth and business expansion will require much hard work and diligent
effort, however, success will eventually come through steady but slow
returns. Land and property deals are favoured.

[07.03] SATURN IN THE THIRD HOUSE

A Third House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates to an ability for mental discipline, concentration,
mental control, orderly reasoning and logical thinking. Much hard work is
required in communications, writing and obtaining relevant educational
qualifications. A profession in teaching, administration, accounts,
publishing or some kind of research is likely. There is a need to
discipline the mind against needless worry, gloom, restlessness, anxiety
and misgivings. With maturity a contemplative mind, responsible,
thoughtful and capable of concentration on serious or profound subjects
is developed. The technique of clear communication in speaking and
writing is of paramount importance.

[07.04] SATURN IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

A Fourth House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates to home and family concerns. Much work is required
to overcome emotional inhibitions, early conditioning and irrational
fears. Life experience will force you to learn valuable lessons related
to the above issues and many domestic, family and romantic confrontations
will be afforded to help hasten the restructuring process. Emotional
security and self-acceptance will eventually come from a true knowledge
of self and an ability to focus inwardly, away from the emotional
dependency of others. Domestic security is important and your profession
may involve real estate, building projects, the manufacture of domestic
products or working from the home.

[07.05] SATURN IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

A Fifth House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates in some way to personal creative projects, love
affairs and children. In order to succeed in your social position in the
world you will have to gain knowledge and expertise associated with the
proper use of personal power, creative self-expression and control of the
ego. Life-experience will force you to learn valuable lessons related to
the development of a proper sense of values in dealing with matters of
creative self-expression, romantic relationships, parenthood, social life
and control of your environment generally. Many related confrontations
will be afforded to help hasten the restructuring process. Critical
examination of the self and ones ulterior motives is required in order to
develop a fully-integrated personality. Your profession may deal with
investments in lands and property or speculative ventures relating to
art, music, schools, places of entertainment or stockbroking.

[07.06] SATURN IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

A Sixth House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates to efficiency in your job or career. In order to
succeed in your social position in the world you will have to gain
knowledge and expertise associated with the correct attitude to work,
employers, employees, and co-workers. Life-experience will force you to
learn valuable lessons related to the development of a sound business
sense and a well-structured, accurate, precise, practical and efficient
way of working. Health and hygiene matters are stressed and are of great
importance to your overall sense of general well-being. With this placing
of Saturn, sickness, lost opportunities and disappointments are sometimes
experienced through circumstances over which there is little or no
control. Your profession could be in science, engineering or other fields
requiring detailed skill and precision.

[07.07] SATURN IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

A Seventh House Saturn suggests that your career or area of
responsibility in the world relates in some way to social relationships,
partnerships and correct public dealings. Marriage is an important factor
and it is likely that your partner is sincere, faithful and well-disposed,
possibly older and more serious than yourself, not demonstrative
or emotional, but stable in affections, possessing property
or status. Life-experience will force you to learn valuable lessons
related to the development of social awareness and a strong sense of
responsibility in relationships. You must come to realise that
co-operation, justice and mutual agreement are necessary for stable,
enduring friendships and partnerships. Receptiveness, tact, reliability
and good organising skills could bring wealth and social standing. Your
profession could be in law, business organisation or management positions
relating to contractual affairs.

[07.08] SATURN IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

An Eighth House Saturn suggests that your career or area of
responsibility in the world is to gain knowledge and expertise associated
with the responsible handling of other people s property and money -
banking, investments, insurance, corporate money, tax, inheritances, etc.
A will to succeed must be developed together with a calm, efficient,
determined and persistent effort for thoroughness.

[07.09] SATURN IN THE NINTH HOUSE

A Ninth House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates to an interest in higher education, philosophy,
science and religion. Much hard work, devotion and travel are required to
attain diplomas or higher certificates of education necessary for
personal attainment. Your profession is likely to be in law, publishing,
teaching, higher education, travel, religion or some other profound area
of endeavour. Metaphysics, psychic and occult subjects may be a feature.
Early life may see mental conflict, religious bigotry and a difficulty in
comprehending profound subjects. However, through diligent effort and
achievement you may gain distinction and become a recognised authority
within your chosen field of endeavour. There could be some danger
associated with foreign travel. Relatives through marriage could also be
troublesome in some way.

[07.10] SATURN IN THE TENTH HOUSE

A Tenth House Saturn suggests that your career or area of responsibility
in the world relates in some way to the attainment of public power and
status through positions of authority and professionalism. You may have
had a lack of opportunities in your youth and met with obstacles, delay,
dull periods and disappointment. However, with your ambition for power
and advancement, and through steady, persevering industry, you will rise
above your sphere in life - possibly in your middle years. You will have
to gain knowledge and expertise associated with worldly power, status,
achievement, practical accomplishment and the ability to deal effectively
with authority. Your deep need for financial security and
self-sufficiency will provide the necessary impetus for success.

[07.11] SATURN IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

An Eleventh House Saturn suggests that your career or area of
responsibility in the world relates in some way to attaining a sense of
responsibility regarding friends and group associates. You are likely to
have few but faithful friends. There is a need to gain knowledge and
expertise associated with the development of a broad, tolerant and
impartial attitude when dealing with friends and other social groups.
Intellectual power is important - original thinking, intuition and an
investigative nature need to be developed and given practical
application. Well-established, older, profound, scientific, serious or
influential acquaintances may assist you in your endeavours.

[07.12] SATURN IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

A Twelfth House Saturn suggests that your career or area of
responsibility in the world relates in some way to work in seclusion, or
for the care or education of others - perhaps in social work, hospitals,
prisons, universities, religion or the arts. Your nature is acquisitive,
reserved and inclined to solitude, with a desire to work unpretentiously,
unobserved, and live peacefully or alone. With this placing of Saturn you
may experience negative inner pressures related to subconscious
insecurity, secret sorrows, fear, loneliness and disappointment. You may
at some stage suffer false accusations by secret enemies.

[08.01] URANUS IN THE FIRST HOUSE

With a First House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through an inherent need for constant change, new experience
and adventure. Personal freedom of action is all-important to you.
Unusual, eccentric, versatile, restless, intelligent and intuitive you
have a stimulating affect on others, although, at times you may be
regarded as odd, peculiar, eccentric and many years ahead of the times.
You are likely to be attracted to such subjects as astrology, occultism,
hypnotism, spiritualism, psychic research, New Age healing, telepathy,
Free Masonry, inventions and electrical gadgetry. Many changes
of residence and occupation are likely. Various strange and unexpected
personal crises will promote life-experience and character growth.

[08.02] URANUS IN THE SECOND HOUSE

With a Second House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through original and ingenious ways of making money - possibly
through hi-tech inventions, unique occupations, electronics or unusual
scientific avenues of endeavour. However, your attitude to wealth and
financial matters is totally unconventional - precipitating many changes
in fortune, financial ups and downs and other unexpected crises. Money is
often gained through friends, associations or the government.

[08.03] URANUS IN THE THIRD HOUSE

With a Third House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through an original, intellectual, inventive, ingenious,
unconventional and unusual mind. A natural free-thinker you will explore
new ideas and new areas of knowledge without becoming influenced by other
people s biased opinions. Your curiosity is likely to extend to things
mystical, New Age, occult, extraordinary, profound and ancient. You may
become involved with some form of social or mental reforms. Travel will
be an important feature. Expect many changes, unusual experiences and
constructive crises in your life related to the above issues.

[08.04] URANUS IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

With a Fourth House Uranus you will seek individual freedom of expression
through an unusual home or family life. Many unexpected changes of
residence and unusual experiences within the home environment are likely.

[08.05] URANUS IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

With a Fifth House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through inventive and creative activity, unusual pleasures or
an unconventional love life. There is a liking for odd, new or daring
pleasures, or unusual places of amusement. Some danger through
speculation, risk-taking or games of chance. Expect many changes, unusual
experiences and constructive crises in your life related to the above
issues.

[08.06] URANUS IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

With a Sixth House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through analytical, unusual and intellectually-stimulating
work such as computer programming, electrical engineering or positions
requiring originality and inventiveness. With this placing you are, in
effect, serving the future-in-the-making. Expect many unusual experiences
and constructive crises in your life related to the above issues. Health
problems may relate to overwork, nervous strain, neurosis or peculiar
mental disorders that are little understood and hard to treat.

[08.07] URANUS IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

With a Seventh House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through marriage, business partnership or interpersonal
relationships. You are sure to attract unusual and stimulating associates
- possessing intuition, originality, creativity and potential genius.
Expect many changes, unusual experiences and constructive crises in your
life related to the above issues.

[08.08] URANUS IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

With an Eighth House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through an interest in unusual forms of occult work or through
original ways of viewing life-after-death issues. It is probable that you
will experience peculiar psychic states, vivid dreams and something of
the astral world. There can be sudden and unexpected benefits and gains
through your marriage or business partner or an unexpected inheritance.
Expect many changes, unusual experiences and constructive crises in your
life related to the above issues.

[08.09] URANUS IN THE NINTH HOUSE

With a Ninth House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression by revolutionising the mind through travels abroad or through
intellectual paths of original physical, religious, philosophic,
metaphysical, scientific or spiritual discovery. An inherent intuitive
facility and your original progressive ideas may give a potential for
genius. Expect many changes, unusual experiences and constructive crises
in your life related to the above issues.

[08.10] URANUS IN THE TENTH HOUSE

With a Tenth House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through original and unusual concepts for social or
professional organisation - possibly relating to hi-tech, electronic,
scientific, occult, humanitarian or New Age work. A strange and eventful
career is indicated with many important changes of location and social
position. All effort is made for freedom and to undo and overthrow all
bonds of limitation. You can be very independent, erratic, eccentric and
unconventional. This could lead to difficulties with employers and
opposition from public or governmental bodies. Expect many changes,
unusual experiences and constructive crises in your life related to the
above issues.

[08.11] URANUS IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

With an Eleventh House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom
of expression through an involvement in unusual and original social,
political or cultural groups dedicated to social reform or revolution.
Dynamic, stimulating friendships transform your ideas and ideals. Your
friends may be regarded as peculiar, unusual or extraordinary in some way
- geniuses, inventors, writers, New Age promoters, occultists, government
executives, etc. There may be sudden and unexpected benefits from such
friends enabling you to progress towards your personal hopes and wishes.
Expect many changes, unusual experiences and constructive crises in your
life related to the above issues.

[08.12] URANUS IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

With a Twelfth House Uranus you are likely to seek individual freedom of
expression through secret study, romantic affairs or the practice of
unusual subjects. Inner subconscious urges force you to attempt a kind of
spiritual rebirth that brings you into contact with universal forces -
through mysterious attractions, occult investigations, psychic and
mystical experiences. Expect much change, sudden happenings and
constructive crises in your life related to the above issues.

[09.01] NEPTUNE IN THE FIRST HOUSE

Neptune in the First House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential manifests through innate psychic gifts and a
sensitive, gentle and intuitive personality. Your visionary and
idealistic trend of mind draws inspiration from dreams, contemplation,
meditation and powerful emotions. At times you will experience weird
feelings, thoughts and emotions - a mediumistic ability allows you to
either consciously or unconsciously take on the conditions of your
immediate surroundings and tune in to those with whom you come in
contact. You are likely to be attracted to peculiar people, psychic
centres and mysterious, strange places. You are artistic, very romantic
and have a love for beauty in form, colour and sound. On occasion you can
be weak, indolent, confused, impractical and dreamy.

[09.02] NEPTUNE IN THE SECOND HOUSE

Neptune in the Second House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential will manifest through intuitive and mysterious ways
of making money and using it idealistically for the benefit of others.
The danger exists of dissipating your resources through vague impractical
ventures.

[09.03] NEPTUNE IN THE THIRD HOUSE

Neptune in the Third House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential manifests through an intuitive ability of the mind
that is able to tune in to other realms of reality for inspiration,
Through sound psychological faculties, spiritual perception and a
fruitful, inventive mind. You are given to the investigation of spiritual
phenomena and matters pertaining to metaphysics, the occult or the
mysterious. Some weird experiences can be expected, perhaps while
travelling or in the form of hallucinations or morbid fancies. You
appreciate those forms of art and literature that provide an exalted
order of inspiration, feelings and intuition.

[09.04] NEPTUNE IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Fourth House indicates that your imaginative and spiritual
potential may manifest through conditions within the home environment.
There may be strong emotional or subconscious bonds between family
members - cultural, religious or spiritual training may be an important
part of home life. On another level there can be something strange,
secret or peculiar regarding your home environment, family, or domestic
life.

[09.05] NEPTUNE IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Fifth House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential manifests through intuitive creative self-expression,
artistic talent, children or an association with one of the opposite sex.
Strange, abnormal or peculiar events may be experienced in connection
with your feelings, emotions, affections and sex matters. An idyllic,
romantic love partner is much desired.

[09.06] NEPTUNE IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Sixth House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential will manifest through work, service and
self-sacrifice - possibly in seclusion. Diet and health matters are
stressed - neglect could lead to severe sickness that is difficult to
diagnose and treat. You may become interested in spiritual healing,
health foods and natural cures. On occasion, an impracticable and
unrealistic approach to work may bring problems.

[09.07] NEPTUNE IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Seventh House indicates that your imaginative and
spiritual potential may manifest through marriage, close relationships or
partnerships. Often a perfect marriage is indicated or spiritual
inspiration through your partner. Conversely, there may be something
strange, secret, confusing or mysterious regarding your marriage -
possibly two unions or some scandal connected to partnerships.

[09.08] NEPTUNE IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Eighth House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential may manifest through innate psychic abilities and an
interest in occult teachings, spiritualism and other mystical subjects.
You may gain knowledge through an ability to enter upon the spirit planes
- expect some strange psychical and dream experiences. On a more mundane
level it is probable that, at times, strange financial situations will
cause you worry and confusion. Conversely, you may gain in a peculiar
manner through others and possibly through your partner.

[09.09] NEPTUNE IN THE NINTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Ninth House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential will manifest in an ability to gain knowledge through
intuitive and mystical channels. You possess a clairvoyant, psychic and
highly inspirational nature and are likely to investigate psychic
phenomena, religion, psychology, philosophy, spiritualism, astral
projection and other profound subjects. An inner need for transcendental
rebirth could dominate your life. At times you may experience ominous
foreboding, strange dreams and negative emotional states.

[09.10] NEPTUNE IN THE TENTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Tenth House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential will manifest through your chosen social position in
the world. You possess a highly inspirational nature, capable of
attaining honour or position through some unique achievement. Your
professional life could be enclosed within a spiritual framework such as
ministers, spiritual teachers and psychiatrists or within an
institutional environment such as in hospitals, asylums or prisons. On
occasion, you will tend to lose direction life and withdraw from work to
seek seclusion and direction - possibly as prelude to a change of career.

[09.11] NEPTUNE IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Eleventh House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential will manifest through friendships or group
associations working for a humanitarian purpose. Friends may include
idealists, mystics, psychics, poets, musicians and stage artists. You are
likely to have strange experiences and gains through mediumistic or
spiritual people. Conversely, on occasion, you may attract weird,
seductive and unstable types of personalities that bring unsavoury and
complicated problems into your life.

[09.12] NEPTUNE IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

Neptune in the Twelfth House may indicate that your imaginative and
spiritual potential will manifest through an inner need for spiritual
knowledge. This position gives a link to subconscious and psychic forces
- you are likely to become involved with psychical research and occult
investigations. Perhaps through secret, secluded and quiet methods,
spiritual wisdom could be achieved. At times you may suffer from vague
fears, weird apprehension and secret sorrows.

[10.01] PLUTO IN THE FIRST HOUSE

With Pluto in the First House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through a personal need to understand the
metaphysical processes associated with the mystery of life, death and
rebirth - precipitated by periods of self-doubt and identity crisis
(transits). During these periods you will experience powerful
subconscious drives that are beyond your personal ability to control -
these can act for good or bad depending upon other factors in your
personality. Your drive for personal power is strong and if not
controlled, may manifests in devious or underhanded ways. Others may view
you as mysterious, secretive and something of a loner. Beware of forming
associations with persons of a tough, mean, violent or low nature.
Psychological health depends on a clear-cut philosophy for living a full
and independent existence.

[10.02] PLUTO IN THE SECOND HOUSE

Pluto in the Second House brings opportunities for transforming yourself
through the use of material resources and financial power. Fields for
successful financial enterprises include any industry which recycles
waste or converts non-useable items into useable ones; industry which
affects chemical change on raw materials; fields involved in combating
pollution; sanitation, hygiene, garbage collection; all occupations
dealing with death - funeral director, mortician, undertaker, etc.;
occupations involved in manufacturing organic fertilisers, and compost;
all professions delving into psychological motives; detective work of all
kinds, including medical research and geological exploration. Beware of
associating with gangster types, or becoming involved in any form of
criminal activity. Greed, materialistic motives, gambling and underhand
speculations are other dangers - these can bring sudden wealth but
unexpected losses always follow. Self-indulgence in physical pleasures
can adversely affect the health.

[10.03] PLUTO IN THE THIRD HOUSE

With Pluto in the Third House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through a deeply idealistic, inspired and
penetrating mind capable of understanding the more esoteric principals of
life - having insights on death and the meaning of life, and a desire to
uncover the secrets of the universe. You may become instrumental in some
phase of social reform through your ability to communicate, write or
express artistically the profound social and political issues of the day.
On the negative side there can be a tendency to morbid thoughts, dwelling
on death, brooding, depression and a preoccupation with the more sinister
and sordid side of life.

[10.04] PLUTO IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Fourth House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through experiences associated with the
home and family environment. A danger of this placing is a tendency to
dominate and coerce - this could alienate others against you and create a
power struggle with family members. There may be some mystery or secret
relating to home activities and this is strictly confined to the family
circle. On a higher level there could be a desire for self-mastery at a
deep, psychological level and this could lead you into the realms of
metaphysics and the occult. The potential here is the capacity to grow
into a wholesome and powerful personality possessing profound inner
knowledge and deep emotional strength.

[10.05] PLUTO IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Fifth House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through a compelling need for personal
creative self-expression, or transforming love experiences. There is
liking for art, culture, social life and the more unusual, esoteric
amusements and entertainments. Sex matters are emphasised and it is
probable that you are attracted to secret or unconventional relationships.
Gambling and financial speculations are areas where much wealth may be
made or lost depending on other factors in your chart. Your children are
likely to be talented or unusual in some way.

[10.06] PLUTO IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Sixth House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through your career, or working
environment. Concentrating much energy, will-power and discipline into
your chosen profession will bring financial gain, recognition and social
status. Ways of improving health should be sought - adhering to a correct
diet, proper exercise and a positive mental attitude could dramatically
enhance your life. Many with this placing of Pluto possess inherent
spiritual healing powers.

[10.07] PLUTO IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Seventh House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through marriage, close personal
relationships or business partnerships. General well-being is dependant
on intimate and fulfilling relationships. Success here depends on how
responsible you are in your dealings with partners, psychological
compatibility, co-operation and the ability to understanding the
emotional needs of others. This is a good position for working with law
and the legal system, and with the public, particularly indirectly as
through the courts.

[10.08] PLUTO IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Eighth House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through a strong interest in occult
studies or through other forms of metaphysical work. This position is
favourable for extra-sensory and higher consciousness experiences. You
probably possess psychic abilities that may manifest in many levels -
astral projection, dreams, mediumship, healing abilities, etc. A strong
desire to prove the immortality of life is a constant challenge to your
intellect.

[10.09] PLUTO IN THE NINTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Ninth House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through a driving need for recognition in
some intellectual or religious field of higher learning. You are likely
to be drawn to emotional and ancient religious sites, and undergo the
ecstasy of religious inspiration, visions, or communion with other-worldly
beings. Spiritual leadership qualities may be evident and travels abroad
may feature strongly in your quest for profound knowledge.

[10.10] PLUTO IN THE TENTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Tenth House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through participation in the affairs of
the community and society - there is a strong drive for power and public
recognition. These urges must have a positive outlet, possibly through
your flair for business and social enterprise. To be successful your
professional life should lead to a meaningful contribution to society.
Many scientific, political, spiritual and religious leaders have this
placing, exhibiting the will-power and drive necessary to reform existing
social structures.

[10.11] PLUTO IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Eleventh House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through powerful friends or group
associates. You possess natural leadership qualities and a magnetic
personality that should be developed to lead others in social welfare,
educational, humanitarian, or charitable causes. You are fiercely loyal
to the cause and people of the moment but you can also be ruthless in
pursuing your goals and objectives. Your expectations can be high,
demanding a lot from yourself and others. However, you can inspire great
admiration from those around you - or hatred, if you adopt a dictatorial
attitude. There is a strong possibility of association with occult
or metaphysical groups.

[10.12] PLUTO IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

With Pluto in the Twelfth House opportunities for transforming or
regenerating yourself may come through a preoccupation with the
subconscious mind and spiritual evolution. You are likely to become
secretive, reclusive and withdrawn, given to meditation and study. The
more profound areas of life are investigated through subjects such as
psychology, mysticism, metaphysics religion and the occult.

[11.01] NORTH NODE IN THE FIRST HOUSE

Self-expression and leadership qualities are to be developed. Your
self-identity will be found in efforts to become independent, free of
reliance on other people and social groups. You will eventually grow in
confidence, and with the power of self-determination achieve success
through your own creative efforts.

[11.02] NORTH NODE IN THE SECOND HOUSE

Personal integrity and a more refined personality are to be developed -
anti-social traits, abuse of sexual energy, and desire for social power
will eventually be outgrown. A more stable, peaceful and less aggressive
lifestyle eventually becomes more desirable to you. Personal ambition is
to be achieved through your own individual effort.

[11.03] NORTH NODE IN THE THIRD HOUSE

Mental and communicative abilities within a social framework need to be
developed. Your love of independence and freedom will eventually give way
to a more responsible, mature, well-educated, and adaptable personality.

[11.04] NORTH NODE IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

Emotional and spiritual growth is required - you will come to realise
that worldly accomplishment and material success do not bring true
happiness. Eventually your greatest desire will be for full maturity
through inner integration and emotional well-being. Home life will be
important to you.

[11.05] NORTH NODE IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

Inner strength and self-discipline need to be developed - possibly
through long periods of physical, mental or emotional isolation. Once
this is achieved success comes from individual creative effort and the
exercise of strong will-power. Happiness and well-being come from using
your powers for others.

[11.06] NORTH NODE IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

There is a need to overcome emotional, confused and over-tolerant
behaviour patterns that dissipate life energy. Eventually you will
develop the ability to see clearly the issues of life without being
deceived or emotionally swayed by others. Confidence and correct thinking
will enable you to overcome any physical or mental weakness. Happiness
comes from using innate healing ability for others.

[11.07] NORTH NODE IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

There is a need to develop social awareness through close interpersonal
relationships. Marriage/non-marriage may be an important feature. Your
egocentric, individualist and  loner  approach to life will eventually
change. The needs of others will be understood and accepted.
Self-identity is found through co-operation and adaptation to social
issues. Happiness is attained through the warmth of human relationships.

[11.08] NORTH NODE IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

There is a need to transform totally your personality - possibly through
unexpected events and sudden changes. Aggressive, secretive, anti-social
or adventurous sex traits are to be slowly outgrown, and eventually, a
new birth of purpose leads you to a more constructive view of the world
and society. Powers of self-control and discipline are used to change
life circumstances. Success is achieved through a fully transformed,
individual and self-motivated personality.

[11.09] NORTH NODE IN THE NINTH HOUSE

There is a need for higher knowledge and a more expansive way of life. A
light-hearted, mainly superficial attitude to events will eventually
change into a genuine interest for investigating more profound issues -
such as philosophy, religion, science and fringe metaphysical subjects.
Travel may also be a feature.

[11.10] NORTH NODE IN THE TENTH HOUSE

There is a need for maturity, responsibility and worldly accomplishment.
Early emotional or environmental conditioning, family pressure, social
disharmony, and immature attitudes are slowly to be overcome. Through
hard work you become a responsible and respected member of the community.

[11.11] NORTH NODE IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

There is a need to develop a sense of social purpose through friendship,
groups and clubs. Selfishness, vanity, self-pride, and sexual
adventurism are to be slowly outgrown. A basically good person your
interests should broaden to include more stimulating group concerns.
Creative talents should be used for the benefit of others. There is a
marked ability for dealing with children that should be developed.

[11.12] NORTH NODE IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

There is a need for seclusion and self-evaluation - circumstances should
eventually guide you away from the too-material, worldly aspects of life.
The inner structure of your being may be changed by direct contact with
the more profound, unconscious, spiritual realities of existence.

[for.01] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE FIRST HOUSE

Suggests that your greatest success will come by developing independence
and self-sufficiency - meeting life experience with individual initiative
and not being dependent on the views of others.

[for.02] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE SECOND HOUSE

Suggests that you need to discover what is of real value to you. Money
and the things it will buy are of extreme importance, but only insofar as
how your possessions reflect true value. You can be extremely lucky with
money if it truly reflects a sincere value. Eventually you will develop
an ability to see what is personally meaningful and necessary.

[for.03] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE THIRD HOUSE

You will have the ability to meet the obstacles found within your
immediate environment and deal effectively with them. Developing the
ability to think clearly is what will bring your greatest fortune.

[for.04] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE FOURTH HOUSE

The feeling for home and roots will be strong. Happiness will come
through building an emotional foundation strong enough to support future
growth. This position gives the possibility of finding fulfilment in a
broader way through identification with a social, professional or
national whole.

[for.05] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE FIFTH HOUSE

Success usually comes from the growth of creative abilities, or in a will
to power. Great joy comes from being deeply and intensely involved in all
that you are able to create. With this placing you must be very
discriminating with your choice of friends.

[for.06] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE SIXTH HOUSE

Happiness may be found in work, self-improvement and self-discipline. You
will be at your best during times of crisis because of an ability to take
the correct action. Great joy will come from developing your natural
abilities and using them constructively in whatever field of work or
service you may be involved.

[for.07] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE SEVENTH HOUSE

Happiness is found in important human relationships that give a sense of
direction and meaning to life. With this placing, luck and good fortune
usually come through other people.

[for.08] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE EIGHTH HOUSE

Happiness will come through your ability for financial management,
especially other people s financial affairs - such as banking, contractual
agreements, business, marriage, etc. Luck and good fortune will be
bestowed on you by other people.

[for.09] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE NINTH HOUSE

Happiness will come from a search for truth and the deep study of such
subjects as sociology, psychology, religion and metaphysical law. There
is also a possibility of distant travels.

[for.10] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE TENTH HOUSE

You will seek happiness through accomplishment and in fulfilling a
constructive role in society.

[for.11] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE ELEVENTH HOUSE

You may have the urge to be a reformer or pioneer of new social, cultural
or spiritual values. Happiness will come from contact with bright,
intelligent people or friends who stimulate your imagination with
inspired ideas and noble concepts.

[for.12] PART OF FORTUNA IN THE TWELFTH HOUSE

You may find happiness in accepting and thus transforming or dissolving
your Karma to complete a cycle of experience. The achievements of this
cycle may become the seeds or foundation of a new cycle. In an 'occult'
sense, you may even find it possible to reach 'personal immortality', so
that what you are as a formed mind is able to survive the disintegration
of the physical body. You will find great happiness and joy through
periods of solitude for meditation and attunement with your inner self.


