// S - Sign
// The Message of the Stars by Max Heindel
// Prepare Aleksandar Cvetkovic
//lang=en


THE INFLUENCE OF THE TWELVE SIGNS

WHEN RISING

[01]
ARIES, THE RAM

Aries is mythologically represented as a ram and the symbol describes most accurately those born under its influence; a pointed and protruding sheep like nose, wide forehead, pointed chin and the resultant triangular face noted in many people, are unmistakable indications of their rising sign. Light brown or reddish tint of the hair is a pronounced characteristic of the Arian; the body is slender and well formed; if the first part of the sign is rising the body is shorter, and the complexion darker than given by the latter degrees.

   Planets in the rising sign will modify the description however, and the student must use his knowledge of the character of the planets in conjunction with the description of the Sign. The Sun and Mars make the complexion more florid, the Moon and Saturn make it paler and darker, Jupiter and Venus make the body more portly. Saturn shortens. Uranus and Mercury lengthens. This applies to all the signs, but is especially marked when a planet rises in the sign it rules. Mars in Aries rising would give fiery red hair and a face full of freckles. The Sun rising in Leo would give a florid complexion with flaxen hair, but if Saturn were there, instead it would shorten the body and darken the hair.

   Aries people are bold, self-confident and impulsive; they aim to lead, dislike to follow, are always ready to take the initiative in any movement that appeals to them, but often lack persistence to carry their projects to a conclusion over serious obstacles.

   The Sun, and Mars the Ruler, rising in Aries would intensify the above, but as a thorough explanation will be given under the heading "The Intrinsic Nature of the Planets," the student is referred thereto. We may mention it here, however, as a peculiarity that Aries people live through fevers to which others succumb. We have known their hair to fall out, and the temperature to remain four degrees above the usual maximum for many hours without fatal result.

[02]
TAURUS, THE BULL

   Taurus is represented by a Bull in the Zodiac, and the bodies generated under this sign are usually short and stocky. They have a strong neck with the bump of amativeness well developed, large lobe of the ear, heavy jaws, full face; nose short and stubby. Dark eyes and wavy hair frequently give them considerable beauty. The eye of the Taurian may never dart bolts of fire such as those wherewith the Arian would annihilate his enemies; it is softer, but under provocation it becomes sullenly expressive of the passive resistance wherewith these people win their battles. It then marks the difference between the impulsive Aries and the stubborn Taurus. The inner phalange of the thumb is large and heavy, the calves well developed and the foot chubby. In walking the Taurian usually plants his heel first, and heaviest.

   Taurus people are pre-eminently "thorough and steadfast" in everything they do: In love, in hate, in work or play, they persist in a given direction, and neither reason nor argument will turn them. They are verbose and argumentative in defense of their actions or opinions; they grasp new ideas slowly, with difficulty and conservatively, but once comprehended and espoused, they always remember what they have learned and defend their opinions to the last ditch.

   The Sun rising in Taurus gives an unusually firm physique, and accentuates the Taurus pride in strength. THE MOON, being the planet of fecundity, is exalted in this exceedingly fruitful sign; hence people with the Moon in Taurus have large families, particularly if the configuration is in the fifth house, for that designates children.

   Venus, the ruler of Taurus, rising in that sign, makes the form beautiful as well as strong, also giving artistic ability and musical inspiration.

[03]
GEMINI, THE TWINS

   When Gemini is rising the body generated is tall and slender, the arms and limbs are particularly long, fingers slender, hair dark, eyes hazel. Gemini people are quick, active and alert in all their movements, habitual restlessness being noticeable in the expression of the eyes, which differs in that respect from more fixed tendencies of the eyes of those born under the two preceding signs, although of course we do not mean that the Arian always looks angry and the Taurian stubborn, nevertheless, there is a settled tendency in those directions noticeable when these people are not occupied in a certain direction; but the Gemini people have an expression which is much more vivid, changeable and past finding out. They have acutely inquiring minds, and always want to know the reason why, but often lack persistence to follow clews to the end, and thus they meet disappointment. Being tactful they avoid giving offense even under provocation, and are therefore generally liked by all; though their own affections are not deep. Two distinct classes are born under this sign; one, too fond of reading, should cultivate independent thought, instead of repeating other people's ideas, or aping their manners; the other is scientific, well balanced and reserved; a model for any person.

   The Sun rising in Gemini brings out all the noblest traits of the sign; it makes the nature more settled and contented, gives more persistence and a particularly healthy and active body.

   Mercury, the ruler, rising in Gemini, sharpens perception, gives ability as a writer, or speaker, but makes the person born with that position extremely irritable, vacillating and fond of change of scene and employment. Such people are best fitted for traveling salesmen.

[04]
CANCER, THE CRAB

   The chief peculiarities of the crab are a clumsy body, slender limbs and powerful claws; people born with Cancer rising express them all. They have a large upper body, augmented in later years by a prominence of the abdomen acquired by over-eating. The mandible or lower jaw is powerfully hinged to the cranium, the face is therefore widest between the ears, the mouth is also large, and the whole construction similar to the crab's claw. The face is full, the hair brown, the eyes blue, complexion pale and sickly, for the Cancer person has the least vitality of any. The limbs are extremely slender in proportion to the large upper body, so the structure appears "top heavy," and he walks with a "rolling" gait.

   Cancer people are very fond of the home and its comforts, they are quiet, reserved and adapt themselves to conditions, hence they are easy to get along with; their anger is shortlived, and they hold no spite. Though lacking in physical prowess, they are no hypocrites, but always have the courage of their convictions; they voice and defend them too.

   The Sun rising in Cancer brings out and accentuates all the good qualities mentioned above, giving more ambition and pride; it also increases the vitality, and is a particular boon in that respect to people with Cancer rising on account of their very low life force. Cancer, with its rule; the Moon, governs the stomach and hence alimentation; Leo and its ruler, the Sun, have charge of the heart and circulation. If these signs and planets are well placed in the horoscope, they counteract most other afflictions and a long lease of life is assured, but if they are afflicted, much sickness results unless intelligent care is applied to modify the omen.

   The Moon, the ruler, rising in Cancer, will give much instability to the natures, and Jupiter, being exalted there, will bring fortune and fame.

[05]
LEO, THE LION

   The lion is the king of beasts and even in captivity is an embodiment of stateliness and pride. The typical Leos of the Zodiac also express pride in every movement and a stateliness which will not escape attention of the keen observer; the expansive chest, the massive shoulders, the strong arm and the large head contrast noticeably with the more slender but still muscular under body; and as Aries has the sheep face, so the typical Leo has certain feline features. The complexion is florid, eyes large and full, blue or grayish in color, expressing laughter, cheerfulness and content. The whole frame is well knit and strong, having great endurance and recuperative power.

   It is really wonderful how the symbology of the signs is brought out in the different kinds of people born under them. People who are born under Leo always want to be noted; they are aggressive and want to attract attention everywhere they go. They aim to be leaders, not followers.

   Leo rules the heart, and it is a marked characteristic that people with Leo rising unafflicted, have hearts bigger than their pocketbooks, they give generously of their time, money or knowledge without thought of self. If the Sun rises in Leo, this trait becomes almost prodigality, but if Saturn is there to afflict instead, he will counteract it sot that they will either circumscribe their gifts with conditions to such an extent that they retain practical control, or they will spend their means on themselves.

   Leos are honest and faithful; being children of the day star, they love light and truth, are above subterfuge and aim straight at their object. Their will is firm to attain by honorable means, They make good orators and hold their audiences by personal magnetism. They are very attractive to the opposite sex, and the lower nature should be held firmly in check, otherwise serious trouble and heartache may ensure. The French, as a race, are ruled by Leo, and afford ample illustration of this point.

   The Sun rising in Leo, unafflicted, gives a body of wonderful strength, vitality and recuperative power; superior in its wiriness to the body generated by the Sun in Taurus; but if Mars is afflicted in Leo, palpitation of the heart will ensue. Saturn here will cause regurgitation unless care is taken in early years to avoid strain.

[06]
VIRGO, THE VIRGIN

   People born when Virgo is rising are above middle stature. The upper part of the head is much more developed than the lower, the weak chin, showing lack of will and the large brain indicating greatness of intellect, being therefore earmarks of the Virgo. The face is thin, the complexion sallow, the hair brown and the eyes hazel or grey. The feet are small, the toes turn inwards and give these people a peculiar labored walk.

   Virgo people are very quick and active in youth, they learn with facility, and do not work hard for knowledge; they seem to breathe it in without an effort. They acquire linguistic and elocutionary powers most readily, are fluent writers but are often cynical, cold and unforgiving when they have been injured. They are extremists in their food, and make hygiene a fad; they often fancy that they have every imaginable disease, because Virgo is the sixth sign and has a certain affinity with the sixth house, denoting health the and disease.

   Mercury, the ruler, is also exalted here and gives pronouncement of all the good which otherwise might be expected from the Sun.

   Virgo people are slender in youth, but when the Sun of Life passes the Meridian and begins to throw its shadows toward the East, we find in them a tendency toward corpulence of body, particularly of that part ruled by Virgo, namely, the abdomen. They neglect to take exercise, and naturally on this account a sluggish condition of the intestines may set in which retains the poisons in the body and robs life of its joys, making one indifferent. In this fact lies the greatest danger of the Virgo people. Once they get into the rut of sickness, they actually "enjoy" poor health. They love to talk over their symptoms with other people, and they resent any thought or suggestion given to them that they are not sick, or that they can get well. The presence of Saturn in Virgo, or the sixth house, accentuates this tendency in the very highest degree, and therefore it is an almost infallible sign that the native will have or be subject to chronic illness, the nature of the disease being denoted by the aspect, and the afflicting planets.

   In order to deal successfully with Virgo people when they have once become subject to disease, and get them out of it at all, it is necessary to be firm almost to the verge of cruelty. But though one may seem cruel in enforcing upon them the regime that is necessary to bring them away from themselves, this is really the greatest kindness that can be shown, for once these people are in the grip of sickness they stubbornly refuse to let go; they will resort to the most cunning, even childlike schemes to excite sympathy, particularly from strangers, and they will represent any effort to show them that they are not helpless invalids. At the very slightest suggestion of a hopeful nature, they sometimes lost their temper in the most unwarranted manner. But when at last they are given the deaf ear by everybody, when people who are in their immediate environment can be persuaded to show them no sympathy, then they may come to themselves. They need a shock to bring them out and away from their condition. And until they get that they never can be cured.

   The Virgos make splendid nurses, if they can keep from taking on the conditions of the patient. The Virgo people never can bear to see blood shed or touch dead things. They feel bodily injury to others more that harm done to themselves, and are in fact splendidly described by the word "chicken hearted."

[07]
LIBRA, THE SCALES

   Elegance may be said to express in one word the physical peculiarities of the Libran. The body is slender and graceful in youth, it becomes more plump as life advances, but even the portliness of the Libra body is pleasing. The complexion is smooth and clear, eyes are soft and blue with a kind expression; the mouth is unusually well formed and the teeth particularly fine and even.

   Libra people have extremely strong conjugal affection, so strong, in fact, that it overshadows all other considerations. The Leos love their families, but their hearts take in all the world besides; not so the Librans; they are ready for any sacrifice to give comforts to those in their own immediate home circle, but they are also prepared to sacrifice any other family for their own, if necessary.

   In most other traits the Librans express aptly the symbolism of their sign, a pair of scales, and their characteristics might be expressed in the word: "Changeability." They are people of "moods," because Saturn is exalted here and weighs upon the mind; the changes are sudden and extreme; they may follow a fad with as much zest as if their life depended upon it, and them without a moment's warning, drop it and take up something entirely opposite there are no half-way measures in the swing of the scales. Being naturally given to change, they are most adaptable to circumstances, and do not fret over reverses, but set about with vim and vigor to restore their fortunes.

   Aries and Libra may be said to be the battlefields of the Sun and Saturn: Life and Death, Joy and Sorrow. The Sun is exalted in Aries, and vanquishes Saturn; hence the intrepidity of Aries people. In Libra the scales tip the other way; there Saturn is exalted, and conquers the Sun; this gives a softer tone to the Libran, whose kindly politeness contrasts markedly with the Arian's brusque address. Venus, the ruler of Libra, is not alone responsible for this trait, Taurus people are blunt, though Venus rules. Venus rising in Libra gives artistic ability, Saturn turns the mind in scientific directions.

   Librans usually have well shaped hands and feet, and are very proud of them.

[08]
SCORPIO, THE EAGLE

   The nose is the most prominent feature of the Scorpio; it is large, heave, and hooked, resembling the bill of the eagle, the brows are bushy, the eyes sharp and piercing; the jaw is very heavy; the glint of the eye, and the set of the jaw indicate the great determination which is the most prominent characteristic of the Scorpio. The face is angular, complexion murky, and hair dark, with a peculiar ruddy tinge noticeable when the sun shines on it. The teeth are large and subject to early decay. The body is short and thickest, with a short, thick neck resembling that of the opposite sign, Taurus.

   Scorpio people always stand up for their rights, and never submit to imposition, through prone to ride roughshod over others. They are full of worries over things that may happen, but never do, and thus make life a burden to those around them. Sarcasm that stings like a scorpion is ever upon the tip of their tongue, yet their love is strong, and their aspirations lofty. Thus there are two natures struggling in the Scorpios and they need much sympathy and forbearance from their friends. In the hour of danger they never flinch, but perform deeds of heroism with a disregard for self that amounts to foolhardiness. The mind is sharp, cool and collected, therefore Scorpio men make good army officers and excel in surgery. The Scorpio woman has a large family.

   The Sun in Scorpio accentuates the good traits, and gives a love mysticism; but Mars, the ruler, brings out the worldly side of the sign and makes scoffers and skeptics.

[09]
SAGITTARIUS, THE CENTAUR

   People born with Sagittarius rising are even taller that those born under the opposite sign, Gemini, the men in particular having large hands and feet. The size and weight of the bony frame is often too much for the ligaments of the spine to support, so these people often develop a decided stoop in later years. The face is long and well formed, the nose well proportioned, dark kindly eyes and dark chestnut hair. The body is very active, but requires much rest, as the recuperative powers are below the average.

   The symbol of this sign shows that there are two widely different classes born therein. One, designated by the animal body of the Centaur, is frankly in for "a good time," they are sporty, soldiers of fortune, of roving proclivities, fond of games of change, and ready to risk their all on the turn of a card, the speed of a horse, or a game of ball, while Aries or Scorpio people may become pugilists, and Taurus people take up wresting as a profession. The sports of Sagittarius have no element of cruelty in them. Sagittarians when afflicted may become criminals, their crimes are never violent, however, but rather results of their indulgence of the animal nature.

   The other class is the extreme opposite, symbolized by the human part of the sign. Here is the man rising above the animal nature, bending the bow of aspiration and aiming at limitless space, signifying the loftiest longing of that immortal spark of incipient divinity we call the soul. This class is law abiding and of the highest morals; from it come the pillars of the church and beloved rulers of state famed for integrity, benevolence and justice.

   The Sun rising in this sign is sure to bring preferment even to those born in lowly and obscure circumstances, and accentuate all good shown in the sign; so will Jupiter, the ruler.

   Sagittarius rules the thighs and therefore, naturally, configurations from this sign, if afflicted are likely to cause accidents to those parts. And it is notable fact that Sagittarius are very liable to broken bones under circumstances where people under other signs seldom meet injury.

   In the eighth degree of Sagittarius we have the fixed star Antares, which has a very evil effect upon the sight. Two other nebulous spots in the Zodiac have a similar influence. One is Ascelli in Leo 6, the other Pleiades in Taurus 29. The Sun, or Moon, in one of those places and adversely configurated with one of the malefics, Saturn, Mars, Uranus, or Neptune gives trouble with the eyes, according to the nature of the evil aspect; or vice versa, if Saturn, Mars, Uranus or Neptune are in one of the nebulous spots adversely configurated to the Sun or Moon a similar trouble will be experienced. Should a planet like one of the above named by in retrograde motion the aspect is much worse, for when the planet has ceased to retrograde and goes direct in the Zodiac again, it will pass over which ever one of these nebulous spots it is close to a second time and thereby cause an added damage. There may be, however, a compensating side to this aspect, for it sometimes happens that while an evil configuration to one of these nebulous spots, (and Antares is the worst,) deprives a person of his sight, a benevolent configuration awakens in him a second-sight which will mitigate the loss in a degree that only those who have that sight can appreciate.

   The Sagittarian must learn to realize his ideals within instead of seeking them without. We are in this school of experience for the purpose of overcoming, and it is not by running away from one place to another that we gain experience. By staying in one place, by doing our very best to attain our ideals where we are, we make our ideals come true.

[10]
CAPRICORN, THE GOAT

   Capricorn rising gives a short, slender, narrow-chested body with a thin neck, thin silky dark hair, a pale peaked face with small, weak eyes. It makes the chin pointed and turned upwards, the nose pointed and turned downwards, an impediment in the speech, ill formed lower limbs and an awkward walk. The vitality is very low, and these children are reared with great difficulty, but once infancy is past, they exhibit a tenacity that is truly amazing, and often become very, very old; they seem to dry up into a mass of wrinkled skin and bone that is all but imperishable, this, on account of the Saturn ray which rules Capricorn. It is noticeable also, that all who have that planet prominent in the nativity show the before mentioned wrinkling of the skin, even though they may retain corpulence conferred by other configurations.

   Ambition and suspicion are ruling characteristics, an inordinate desire for recognition of their claims to superiority and advancement; also suspicion that others are trying to subvert or withhold the covet prize, is ever with these people. It causes them much unnecessary worry, and may result in habitual melancholy, particularly if Saturn is afflicted. They ought to seek amusement outdoors, read funny stories and otherwise try to cultivate a sense of the humorous from childhood, for this is one of the saddest signs, and needs all possible encouragement.

   Capricorn people are successful in detective work, where secret practices are used to trap others. and persistence is required to ferret out a mystery, for they never give up. The afflicted Capricorn is very revengeful, and if by Mars, may shed blood to satisfy a grudge. The Sun rising brings out the Justice, Purity and Honor of the sign, makes Captains of Industry such as forward the great enterprises of the world.

[11]
AQUARIUS, THE WATER BEARER

   The stateliness and pride of those born under the sign of Leo are not missing in the typical Aquarian, but while in the Leo these qualities are of a lower, more bestial nature agreeable to the sign, they are manly pride and stateliness in the true Aquarian. Libra generates a beautiful body but more effeminate as it were, whereas the Aquarian beauty is truly manly or womanly; the fearless eye is kindly and drooping eyelashes are peculiar to thissign. The forehead is square, and the well developed poise tells of intellect, the large domed head shows the spiritual side of the nature and the chin is sufficiently developed to give purpose to all actions. Thus the typical Aquarian is the highest grade of humanity; but therefore, also exceedingly rare, for the variants produced in each sign from the typical, by the interposition of one or more planets are so different that the type is often unrecognizable in the majority of its features. Aquarians are most loyal to friends, therefore they attract many, keep them through life, and are much benefited by them. Like Capricorn, this sign is ruled by Saturn, and he gives to the Aquarian the same retiring nature and tendency to melancholy which marks the Capricornian, but also the persistence in the following a given course; and whatever financial success comes to these people is the result of continued and patient effort; Aquarians are very deliberate and long suffering; they never act in a hurry, and therefore seldom have cause to regret their actions, save when reason has been stilled through play upon their sympathies, for under such circumstances they are readily imposed upon. the love nature is very strong, but they are not as demonstratives as the Leo. It is noteworthy that the qualities of opposite signs are always reflected; Leo in Aquarius, reflects love; Taurus mirrors the passion of Scorpio; the Gemini body is a reflex of the bony Sagittarius frame, etc.

   The Sun and Saturn bring out more prominently the good traits of Aquarius; this sign, where Saturn rules and Libra, where he is exalted, are therefore under his most benign influence. The Sun in Aquarius adds much hope and life to the nature, and thus counteracts the melancholy trait previously mentioned.

[12]
PISCES, THE FISHES

   The typical Piscean is short, flabby and fleshy with a waddling gait not unlike those born under the sign Cancer, but differs from them by having a stouter body. The feet are often tuned in, but larger that those born under Virgo. The body is weak and deficient in recuperative force. The complexion is medium, the eyes blue, watery and expressionless, the nose large and flat.

   There is a strong tendency to mediumship among the Pisces people, and therein is a danger greater than any other on earth. No one should "sit for development" and degenerate into the tool of low spirits, but Pisces people in particular are "lost" if taken control of. They cannot free themselves, either in this life or the next, because generally inert and devoid of will power. They are timid, and even the mean are tearful on the slightest provocation; they love leisure more than comfort, and do no work which is not absolutely necessary to keep body and soul together. They love change of scene, rove about considerably, generally in an aimless manner. Being fond of good things to eat and drink, particularly the latter, and lacking will to curb their appetite when afflicted, they frequently indulge their craving to such an extent that they become habitual drunkards.

   The Sun rising in Pisces gives more energy and ambition, Jupiter, the ruler, strengthens the morals, and Venus exalted in this sign, gives great musical talent, but accentuates the tendency to alcoholic indulgence, which mars the lives of so many splendid musicians.

   When many planets are in Pisces, the person will have a hard life, because he or she will not want to take up life's burden, but will love to dream; such people become recluses; they seek to master the hidden arts, occultism and mysticism; are not guided by reason, but rather by their likes and dislikes, and unless they can find an occupation that is otherwise isolated from the ordinary business and trend of life they will feel out of place. They are prone to incur the enmity of people with whom they come in contact intimately, nobody seems to get along with them, and nearly every body, whether he or she shows it or not, will take a dislike to them.

   There is, however, a higher side to Pisces; the person who finds himself with Pisces on the ascendant is at the end of one cycle of progress and at the beginning of a new. He stands, as it were, upon the threshold of something higher. Therefore, he is usually not able to live up to the possibilities of the sign which requires self-sacrifice and non-resistance in absolutely Christlike fashion. The tendency is therefore to drift upon the sea of life and dream dreams of future greatness. This tendency must be counteracted by every effort of the will, for otherwise life will be a failure, and later the stern whip of necessity will be applied to goad him or her into action.




